DOC fix links in truncated SVD docs (#17194)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/decomposition.rst

    but the singular values found are the same.

:class:`TruncatedSVD` is very similar to :class:`PCA`, but differs

> in that the matrix :math:`X` isn't centered.

Reviewer: Nit: (Maybe this is better?)

```suggestion
in that the matrix :math:`X` does not need to be centered.
```
